{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2556
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to Quick Plan! \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 The standard student planner is paradoxical by nature\'97its sole purpose to save one time by organizing one\'92s work, yet one needs to sacrifice one\'92s time to fill it out manually. Thanks to Quick Plan, this issue is a thing of the past. Within a matter of seconds, any registered Google Classroom user can import all of their work and easily plan their study schedule. With the highly intuitive user interface, one can simply drag the desired assignments onto the built-in calendar and receive notifications at the appropriate time and date. If the teacher forgets to post an assignment on Classroom, it can be added manually and automatically organized alongside all of the other assignments in the class! Additionally, if one wants to create a new class, one can easily do so. In both cases, the classes and assignment can be viewed with or without their Classroom counterparts.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated! Please either text [(917) 853-9337] or email [hresnickapple@gmail.com] me with questions and concerns.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Thank you for your interest in beta testing Quick Plan.}